[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/signal-r-service/web-pub-sub/README.md

> # Signal R Web PubSub Services `[Microsoft.SignalRService/webPubSub]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SignalR Web PubSub Services `[Microsoft.SignalRService/webPubSub]`
```

> This module deploys a Signal R Web PubSub Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a SignalR Web PubSub Service.
```
